Started, let me share, let me show.
All right, it's doing a little bit more.
So this is the,
this is the diagram I've created for Qi
import.
So currently to import Qi contacts,
credentials and RTO credentials and
pretty much what we're importing into CRM
is the contentious for the contacts and
then there's other reference data like
artios, courses,
units and things like that.
So the tool that we use to insert import
these contacts and credentials into the
CRM is ADF.
So,
so the reason that we started looking at
sort of alternative tool for ADF is
because it is taking time.
So the the reason I believe why it's
taking time is it's just the the CRM is
taking time to insert and the way that
ADF inserts is ADF have this CRM
connector and then it inserts record by
record.
So,
So what correct me if I'm wrong Shaman.
So what we got is we got hierarchy of
files.
So we got like audio credentials,
contacts and ARN and credentials.
So we import audio credentials first and
then the contacts and then the Arns and
finally the credentials.
Yeah,
the time take is the copy activity and
also the look up that's takes the most
time.
Yeah, so,
so the way that the ADF work is ADF gets
each record and then do lookups and then
insert.
So lookups take time.
I believe lookups take time,
but compared to the copy time,
lookup time is not that significant,
but mainly the insert time.
So what I've POC is CRM also have a batch
API which you can write.
You can get chunk of records and dump it
into CRM in a sort of single request.
But these requests sort of have, you know,
throttle limits and some limits, right?
So if you Google it, you can,
there's good Microsoft documentation
around the limits.
Generally A batch request only can have
thousand items,
but thousand items again they have
throttling on how long that thousand item
takes, right?
So if it takes 20 minutes,
I think it starts throttling again.
So there are there are limits with the
batch API.
So what I've done pretty much is used to
batch API and then insert records.
So.
So I've changed the format of the files.
So instead of having hierarchy of files,
this POC is flattened out,
just just one file.
Is that easier for Matt as well?
Matt Barber to yeah,
it would be easier as well.
So he'll be dealing with only one file
and that,
but there will be some duplicate data
like for example,
if contact has two credentials that would
have two rows in that file and would be
like most of the data could be similar,
but it's just a, you know,
the RTO and the the other IDs will the
the codes will be different, Yeah.
But this bit of duplicate data,
but it's just a single page to manage a
single place to manage.
So what it does is so so I haven't POC
done the integration part.
So this is I mean a way of so and the
other challenge with the ADF solution is
that we need someone technical with
permissions to run the pipelines.
So.
So what I thought would be good is for
business to be able to, you know,
just be able to run it without
interacting with the technical technical
team.
So what I've sort of proposed here is I
think Deep has other better ideas.
When I presented,
it's just pretty much Logic App to listen
to file changes and then send approval
request to someone from business.
And when it approves Logic App triggers
the whole flow that sort of the initial
part.
That's not the purpose of this POC.
The purpose of the POC is get these
records into CRM in a more in a shorter
time.
So,
so so we so I think in one of my handover
sessions before so we had we went through
the file copy solution.
So file copy solution also uses the
function app.
Function app can have many triggers,
so many many functions,
a single physical function app.
So inside the function app you can have
logical function app and function app
also have different flavours.
The the the function of that ID mode
before was just a single function app.
Just do one thing and that's it.
But this function app is a different.
This function app is called durable
functions.
Durable functions have the capability to
fan out and then fan in.
So, so single function,
you have a single trigger and then based
on the logic,
so it can spawn into like thousands and
then on the other end you can say wait
for those thousand to finish and then
continue or do do more work more,
more fan out, do more work, right.
So what I've done is so in this durable
function,
So we we have a trigger trigger function
which is the HTTP trigger.
So,
so any process can start the start the
import using a HTTP request.
So that's the that's the trigger,
the ones they triggered.
So there's a this is the main engine,
the orchestrator.
So it orchestrate what ADF does with
those multiple files, right.
So, so anyway, even we have a single file,
those records need to be entered into CRM
in sequence, right.
So you can't really create a credential
without a contact.
So contacts need to be,
it has to be there, right?
Order, yeah, yeah.
So, so the first thing it does,
the orchestrator goes and reach the file.
So it also can read the file in sort of
like batches if the file is like 100,
000 or 200,
000 amount of records that you can't read
into memory straight away.
So it has that option.
So does that trigger the function app?
It gets triggered from the Logic app.
Is it so, so, so at the moment,
there's nothing.
Nothing's triggering it.
We manually triggering it.
But this is a proposal, right?
OK.
I think Pradeep has different ideas how
to, right.
So how, how, how to give business access.
But this part is not done yet.
OK, So what from below here is what's POC?
OK, Yeah, yeah.
So reads the file and reads the records
into memory, right?
So what it does is it looks at the record
and so it,
so orchestrator knows how this file need
to be inserted, right?
So it knows that the RTO credential need
to go in first and then contacts and arns
likewise, right.
So what it what it does is say for
example, there's thousand records,
so it reads 1000 record from the CSV file.
So it reads 500.
And then what it does is of those 500,
it figures out what RTO credentials need
to be created for those 500.
So it takes little snippets and extracts.
That's right.
Yeah.
So,
and then it passes that 500 records into
RTO credential importer function.
So what what that does is that can pan
out but,
but for RTO credentials because we don't
have many records where most records are
is in contact ARN and credentials.
So,
so we have only one instance of RTO
imports.
So what it does is like it figures out
for 500,
there's maybe 50 RTO credentials need to
be created.
Go and create the 50 RTO credentials.
It says to the RTO credential importer,
right?
So what it does is it goes and do a batch
request of 50 in a single single request.
Before that it does the look up.
So you need to look up the RTO.
So you need to find the RTO GUID and you
define the unit or the whatever
credential those Guids, right?
That's not a manual process though.
This is so you could have multiple RT OS
in one.
Yeah, OK, that's good 'cause yeah,
at the moment it's yeah,
it's depending on one.
So I think this is where the improvement
comes in the compared to the look up in
ADF, right.
So,
So what it does it it it again find the
distinct RTOS that it it need to look up
right?
For that,
that that 500 records it picked up, right?
Yeah,
it's fine for this in memory and and in
memory, in memory,
in memory find the So it could be maybe
one RTO right.
In that 500 records, it could be two,
right?
So it's a normal general numbers, right.
And then credentials maybe oh units it
could be like 10, right.
So it does a batch get,
it gets those IDs past IDs to the copy
the insert request and then it goes and
creates the RTO credentials and returns
in the same response.
The batch response you get like say for
example 5050 RTO credentials need to be
inserted,
so it gets 50 IDs back and then it
returns the the Guids of the RTOS,
Guids of the units,
Guids of the RTO credentials back to the
orchestrator and orchestrator remembers
it in memory.
It says, yeah, this is the RTO.
They're being stored in the in the in the
lake.
Yeah.
But yeah,
because it's been stored in memory, Yeah.
So I think that's the advantage, right,
Shamin?
So, so late you had to read Go,
you had another that says HTTP request to
fetch it, right.
And it does for pretty much every record,
right, for subsequent files.
So this doesn't do it.
It's it's in memory very quick storage
and comes back.
So the contact importer is sorry Dinuka,
what if something fails in that process,
like in between when it is processing and
in between like 20th record or 30th
record fails,
Does the execution stops there or does it
log which record has failed and it just
returns?
Yeah,
it it it returns the record that has
failed.
OK, yeah,
but it doesn't stop the execution.
No, it doesn't stop the execution.
So so for So for example if there is a
record with mistyped RTO code,
so then RTO is not found,
then it will record error saying RTO is
not found for that OK or.
Or like the batch imports say we've done
50 for some reason 1 failed in CRM, right?
CRM doesn't fail the whole thing.
CRM will say 5049 inserted and 1 failed.
We can grab the paired error.
OK yeah.
Would it potentially fail at each part of
these sequences like if if yeah OK.
And then the error message would then be
stored somewhere and then is it stored in
the logic?
Like where does the error get stored?
So this is this is what's left right?
So this is apoc so so so 50% of the the
error handling and coding is completed,
but this need I would say 50% more work
to make it production nice and nicely
nice error handling and and what game you
also want to have is sort of like a
preview.
Run these records and instead of
inserting do a validation check and just
return response, which this can do, right?
So it can do import the data validation
and then could do a look up validation
and then return sort of like a report.
So that hasn't been done.
But this is pretty much at still POC
level, 50% done.
But the basic stuff is handled.
So as I explained,
if there's a error in one of those
records, it it returns.
But we need to log nicely.
Yeah, put it somewhere.
Yeah,
somewhere like like what you say business
can go.
Oh, OK,
'cause we realistically wanna be as hands
off as possible so that they can do their
own cheques.
Yeah, yeah.
To keep it simple,
I would do the same thing as ADF does for
handling right.
So just try to the same thing then we
don't have to go away from listen,
then it'll be too much of A change for
business, right?
We changing the input file and we
changing outputs and everything.
But we can keep the same way as ADF for
handling outputs.
Yeah, so, so for contacts, so,
so like if I get 500, I mean,
there's likely there's at least
percentage wise 304 hundred to be
inserted.
They could be like you know some records
with some individuals with more than one
creatures but more mostly the the batch
are used.
Most of the contacts need to be inserted.
So this is where this panning out happens
right?
So say 500 ask to be inserted if you
wanted to further improve the time so you
can fan out.
So currently the fan out is set to three
parallel batch batch inserts.
So you can do 500 * 3500.
I think you can go up to 5 because the
reason is it needs to be some sort of a
tuning, right?
So that tuning hasn't been done to the
limit where database start getting
throttled.
So,
so you can push that tweak that N number
to a point where it starts seeing
throttling, throttling errors.
I mean, if you get,
if it start throttling,
there's no point of pushing beyond that
boundary because it only gets slower and
then then improving the throughput.
So and then so same, same as before.
So I think contact from my memory,
there's nothing to look up.
It just cheques whether the contact,
it uses the combination of the first name,
last name,
email address and it cheques do a look up
of whether those contacts already exist.
That's the only look up it does.
It doesn't have any other reference data
and it returns the contact IDs continues
to go on.
Yeah, So,
so when the other thing that so say for
example 500 get passed into the contact
importer.
So we wanted to batch it to fan out right
500 into further batches, say,
say for simplicity,
we say 2 batches right,
222 paralleling parallel imports.
So,
so one thing that we need to be make sure
that so when we in start inserting,
So what we do is distinct, right,
distinct of contact to make sure that we
don't try to insert duplicate contacts.
But so when you do in parallel.
You need to make sure the parallel jobs
does not have mini split.
It doesn't have same contact duplicated
as well because otherwise 2 processes,
2 processes will try to insert the same
contact and then it could error or could
result in duplicate error.
So ARN is the same.
So once the contact ID is returned so
you'll go to the ARN and again to ARN.
As I said,
RTO ID and that reference IDs are already
there in in memory.
So it it doesn't need to to to do any
look UPS,
only look up it needs to do is they are
in itself is there.
So that that's done you think using I
think the RN code,
whatever that unique ID is the one that
that, that yeah, same for credentials.
So credentials then when it reached the
client,
because we already run everything before
and one thing like before we start this
orchestration process with a batch,
we ordered the data.
So ordering helps with batching and
splitting pretty much batching, right?
Batching because because then if you have
a contact somewhere in index 5 and then
the same contact existing index maybe 200,
index 200.
So you wanted them close together fitting
into the same batch because otherwise
duplicates again, right?
Yeah, that's, that's pretty much it.
It does.
So I think I did a demo of 500 cardio
credentials,
so including inserting RTO credentials,
contacts, ARNS and credentials,
500 rows of the flat file.
Yeah.
500 rows of the flat file was 300 half
minutes.
3 1/2 minutes.
Yeah.
That's significant improvement.
Yeah.
So normally, how long does it take?
Hours Always.
OK, Yeah.
So we can we can push further depending
on how far we're going to push.
So I should mention this as well.
So if, if, if we start getting throttled.
So in in CRM,
the throttling is per the the the user
account that we use to insert data.
So we use,
we don't use a interactive user,
we use the app registration and in here.
So you could use if you'd really want to
push the limits,
you could use multiple appraisations to
fan out, right?
So then you won't,
I mean you double if you have two
appraisations, your throughput double S,
right?
So that's only if you really want to push
it.
I think that's sort of the idea.
The codebase let me stop and share my
browser.
So codebase is in git.
If you go to the same place as where the
file import function is,
there's a there's a import POC branch is
where the code is.
Sorry, wrong, wrong report.
So you should be going to the Integration
Services report any import function is
where I've done a push on on this event.
I think that AD current ADF 1 is in draw.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
So I think all the integration services
is going to go in here,
but I think maybe you guys can,
if you want to store it differently,
you guys can talk to Pradeep.
And this is this is the function app.
Function app, Yeah.
So,
so this is import stuff we used in here
batch imported.
So this is the these are the function
apps.
I was talking about the trigger.
This is the trigger that I was talking
about.
And this is the orchestrator.
So trigger is very simple is so it's it's
it's not cleaned up code POC level, right?
So this is the once the request is
received, it starts,
starts the orchestration like this, sorry,
like 952 and orchestrator is the one
that's all the orchestration.
You can see.
It does read the file,
start the file reader and then audio
credential imports.
So you can see batches and so you can see
once it's inserted,
it goes and set inputs and it's does some
sorting as well and filtering.
Likewise,
the full orchestration is there's some,
I did some refactoring.
So I left,
I still left the the sort of code cleanup
need to happen,
but I wouldn't go through the full code.
This needsaproper.
net developer to to have a look to,
to finish the implementation.
Yeah,
so the orchestration does that and this
is the credentials part.
So credential import at the end and then
it just measures some time how how long
it took for the whole thing to execute.
And then file reader and batch imported
like we had different importers, right?
But the batch importers sort of have a
single function template,
but different services.
So see,
it creates a different services depending
on the invocation type.
And then that's the import like the RTO
creation importer, contact importer.
So these sort of like a generic,
generic function.
But so if you go to the services,
you can see so all the code,
all the logic to insert is in in this.
So for example,
if you go to audio credential service,
you can see it does.
So this is the initial look up.
So it does some filtering and distinct
records and things like that.
And it gets accounts that's reading the
Rtos, reading the qualifications,
reading units,
and it does a batch batch get.
So once it's got it back,
it assigns IDs into the, the correct one,
the the one that requires that ID.
And then it do audio credential look up
again.
It's it's it's a batch.
Once that's done,
then it does the batching set of the Rd
operations, the to do record failure.
They just placeholders for capturing
errors.
Yeah.
So as I said that the error handling is
not complete.
So it it needs a lot of improvements,
but it's designed to continue with
failures.
It won't it won't crash out.
So,
so you can see like when it comes to
somewhere here, see it, it,
it drives some errors.
So it audio credential record paired with
this yeah import,
but no response was found.
So it it does some errors, but yeah.
So you're handling customised code.
This is not like out of the box.
No, no, no.
I wrote all this code.
Yeah,
I was gonna say this doesn't look like
your standard.
Yeah, this this is the thing, right.
So if you wanted to have quick times,
you need to write code.
Yeah, you do 100.
Yeah, agree.
So all the services are here.
As I said,
I think the other thing that I wanted I
was planning to do with this once it's
sort of in a production steady rate is
use the same mechanism that you guys use
Shaman to test you.
You guys sort of have a reconciliation
sort of tool, right,
to see whether the records are copied.
It's just a, it's just a Power BI look up.
Yeah, it's,
it's just like you would with using the
API just to kind of look up what's in
SharePoint versus what's in Dynamics and
then just doing a zero check.
Yeah, yeah.
So maybe we could, I mean,
once it's ready,
I was thinking that maybe we could use
the same Power BI to look at the new,
new file,
CSV file and then just do some sort of a,
you know, zero check.
Yeah, in the future,
large sample of of data as well.
Yeah.
And replicate the 24 hours that we did
the we've already got that.
So the pipeline is already there.
It's deploying to B to C sorry B in Azure,
but Azure need some work as well.
So so so we already have the function app.
You already have the appraisations but
there were some access requirements.
We have service accounts,
but I had proxy issues in in, in,
in in the function app.
I think you guys need to can't recall
what all those errors were,
but you need to sort of it it it deploys
at the moment it deploys the code it runs,
but because of the connectivity issues,
it fails.
So the way I sort of ran to demo is from
my machine,
but you can run it from the function app
as well.
Function app sort of have a simulator
that you can run it in this way on your
machine.
So that's that's that's how I did the
testing.
But eventually you need to get that into
into into Azure and and run from there.
OK, I think that's it.
And we are over time definitely need help
with that proxy stuff because I know it's
can be tricky.
Yeah, I think yeah, that, that,
that that is, I think it's,
it's a service.
I can't,
I can't remember whether it because this,
this,
this file copy needs access to SharePoint
as well as yeah, database.
Database is fine.
Function app can talk to database, Yeah,
because we already have that those
connectivity parts in it up.
I think from my memory the issue was
reaching the SharePoint because in the
gateway, yeah, yeah,
we need the gateway help.
Yeah, that's pretty much it, guys.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Yeah.
So as I said, this is only 50% done.
So some someonewith.
net skills need to complete this.
That's not me.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
That's really good.
And it's 3 1/2 minutes versus 24 hours is
a huge improvement.
Yeah, cool.
All right, I'll you guys go.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
Yes, bye.